Goddamn it! Careful.
It's gotta be here
somewhere.
Give me your knife.
Damn it!
We're in business.
Let's go.
And this is for you,
asshole.
Here's for you.
Thank you.
Gracias.
Your dessert, sir.
What is this?
The special pie
you ordered.
Apple pie.
I ordered apple pie.
I'll fix that right away
for you, sir. Sorry.
- Hey.
- Oh. Hey.
So, are you coming tonight?
Dude, she's not your mom.
She can't tell you what to do.
She's not gonna even know.
Besides...
I raided my parents' cabinet.
We'll have real fun tonight.
I'll see
if I can sneak out.
Hey, girl. You good?
Yeah. Sorry.
Just daydreaming.
How's she treating you?
She's a good kid.
There's no problems.
She hates me.
Well, you're her sister.
That's her job.
Everything's gonna
be okay, Maddie.
But she's going through a really
hard time right now, you know.
I don't know why I said that.
Of course you know.
All right.
What's that?
It's pie. You eat it.
You're welcome.
Honey, you know
you can talk to me.
Like he did?
The customer?
Honey, some people are just rude.
He's an asshole.
Don't use that language, honey.
Why not?
'Cause you don't?
Maybe we shouldn't have
moved here.
Maybe you should quit this crappy job
where assholes get to push you around...
Somebody has to
pay the bills, Emmy.
I want to go home.
Okay. My shift is nearly over.
Oh, come on.
I'm already a teenager.
I can take care of myself.
You're 16.
Whatever.
Lori is 16,
and she can do whatever she wants.
She is not you.
Well, you're not Mom.
Okay, let me get you
some milk.
Finish your homework.
Hey, you okay?
Emmy.
Emmy, you okay?
Hey.
Where's your inhaler?
It's at home.
It's okay.
We got bigger problems
than your face.
This thing
needs a pass code.
Well, what about this?
I don't know. Toss it.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
About that phone...
Good thing
I got an app for that.
Boom, boom...
Unlocked.
The hell?
All this shit's in code.
Nothing but initials.
Look.
You see? There.
He sent the message
to a 596 prefix.
That's the police department.
Fuck!
Motherfucking snitch!
What's it say?
I don't know. It's just an address.
Maybe a meeting spot.
We need to find him
before that son of a bitch
lets them know where we are.
Maybe we should let him.
What?
Look, I'm gonna send him
a new meeting spot.
That way, we don't have to find him.
He'll find us.
Hey, Steve.
Lieutenant, come on.
- I'm ignoring you, Tony.
- Not today, Steve.
What are you, my stalker?
I just finished a double. Can't this wait?
It can't. I just got a text from Gonzales,
our CI in the flatlands.
Jimmy fucking Gonzo?
It doesn't make sense.
I talked to him today.
He said
he was going radio silent.
He's not radio silent.
He just sent me a text to a meeting place.
And why was he
going off-grid?
- He wanted to lie low.
- Do you believe him?
Of course not.
He's a dealer and a CI.
Paranoia
is his second nature.
He reached out.
Maybe it's an emergency.
Maybe.
Yeah, maybe
he was really made.
Well, we need to
check it out, Steve.
You check out
the meeting.
I'm gonna run by
his place.
I'm sorry, Doctor.
I had no idea that she had left it at home.
You've got to double-check. This is the
third time she's been in this month.
Uh, yes. No, I'm sorry.
I won't let it happen again.
Your sister's young.
Too much excitement or trauma
can make her hyperventilate.
That will trigger
the asthma.
The more mature she is, the less prone
she'll be to triggering these attacks.
Until then, she depends on you.
Okay? Yes.
So how are you doing?
Are you enjoying Puerto Rico?
Yeah.
Keeping busy? Work?
I just want you to know,
if you're overwhelmed,
you need someone to speak to,
we've got professionals here.
Thank you, Doctor. I'm good.
I just want to make sure my sister's okay.
This is stupid.
No, stupid is
leaving your inhaler at home.
I hate it. All the other kids
make fun of me because of it.
Why do they make fun
of you?
They're kids.
What kids do.
- When do we get to go home?
- They want to keep you overnight.
Again?
Yeah.
Stay with me.
Honey, I can't.
I've got to get back to work.
Visiting hours are already over,
and I've gotta get back to my second shift.
I don't want to stay here
alone.
You'll be okay. I'll be back in the morning,
and you've got this.
Hey. Hey, hey.
Please?
Honey, I... Honey, I can't.
Just because
you hate hospitals.
Nobody likes hospitals.
Except maybe sick people.
Sick people
hate them the most.
- Maddie, is she okay?
- Hey.
Yeah, she's fine.
Scaring the bejesus
out of me.
Listen, I'm on my way.
Yeah, baby. No rush.
Are you doing okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
They're, uh...
They're keeping her overnight.
And you're not gonna stay?
I don't know.
Just, after my mom's accident,
it just...
Spending time in hospitals,
you know?
Well, if you're not doing anything after
your shift, come over to my place.
We could drink some boxed wine,
maybe watch some trash TV.
Okay.
I'll see how I feel.
God! When did I
get so old?
Oh, I feel the same way.
But all right.
I'll see you in a little bit.
Thanks, honey. Bye.
Goddamn it!
Open up, Jimmy. It's me.
Jimmy!
Come on! Get off your ass!
Oh, fuck. Jesus Christ.
Hello.
We are not available now. Please...
Oh, shit.
Come on, pick up, goddamn it.
Pick up, I...
Get out of there!
It's a setup!
Pierce, we gotta go.
Go.
We gotta go now!
Oh! Hey, stop.
Stop!
Oh!
Oh, fuck!
Oh, no.
Oh, Christ.
Don't move. Don't move.
You've got a gunshot wound.
Wait, what?
You're gonna be okay, honey.
What's your name? Do you know?
Madison Taylor.
Why are there cops?
Just standard procedure
when someone's been shot, okay?
- Who's been shot?
- You. But don't worry.
You're gonna be fine.
You're gonna be okay.
Fractured clavicle,
grazed liver.
Biggest complication
was the blood loss.
It took four units
to try to stabilize him.
I'm sorry, Detective.
Have you guys gotten
the guys who did this?
Not yet.
Where's the girl?
What the hell
were you thinking?
I saw a witness.
What the hell do you want me to do?
Your gun. Your gun!
Do you realize
what type of mess we're in?
I didn't see any solutions
flying out of your ass.
Your ballistics
are in the system!
We need that bullet.
Now what?
We find her and lose her.
Now, this...
this is the bullet buried
in your thigh muscle,
about an inch
below your skin.
You're quite lucky,
Madison.
It's actually not much more
than a puncture wound.
All things considered,
it could've been much worse.
You could've shattered your femur or
severed your femoral artery or...
Okay, I... I get it. Um...
When are you taking this
out of me?
Not tonight.
Everything else checks out okay.
Our surgeons are out for tonight.
We're trying to fit you in.
Probably in a day or two.
How are you feeling?
Uh...
A little sore.
Mostly tired.
Um...
What happened
to the other man?
We did all we could.
Which reminds me... Are you up for a visitor?
The police are here.
I-I really don't remember anything.
I know.
They still want
to speak with you.
The detective
is quite insistent.
Hi, Madison.
I'm Lieutenant Wakes.
Heard you had
a pleasant night.
Ah.
Yeah, it was wonderful.
You feeling up to this?
Up to what?
Just a few questions.
Just about what you saw,
who you might have seen,
and what happened.
Uh, I really don't
remember anything.
Nothing?
I have to ask.
It's my job.
I blacked out,
so I-I really can't help you.
I'm so sorry. I-I...
I don't remember anything.
Madison, you have to try.
You have to help me.
I can't help you
unless you help me.
I know it's frightening.
I'm sorry.
- Madison?
- Jesus, someone tried to kill me.
Did you see the shooter?
No, um...
There were just some shadows
in the dark.
Shadows?
As in plural?
Yeah.
You sure?
Mm-hmm.
I only saw one guy by the Dumpster.
No. Um...
No, there were two of them.
There was...
one at the, um...
at the end of the alley.
Did you hear anything?
Any voices?
Anything, really.
I just heard, um...
heard gunshots.
They sounded, um,
really sharp, small.
That's a .40-caliber bullet.
Doc confirmed it.
You're a very lucky girl.
Do you remember anything else at all?
A name?
You can help me.
I'm sorry.
Can I ask...
Who was that guy?
What is this about?
He was my partner.
These guys
killed a cop.
They're dangerous,
and you're a witness.
Are they gonna
come after me?
Possible.
Members of the Wi family,
please report to reception,
located on the first floor.
Excuse me.
What are you doing?
Sergeant Tull, Vice Division.
What happened to the girl
that was here earlier,
the one that was shot
in the leg?
I'm not sure.
They rushed her
out of here,
took her somewhere else,
all hush-hush.
Take us to Security.
This is the seventh floor.
Infectious diseases.
Not as bad as it sounds.
Half the floor
is disease labs.
The other half
is the isolation ward.
Isolation ward?
This just gets better and better.
It's where they quarantine
those patients.
Don't worry. We haven't had
any outbreaks of Ebola. Yet.
Am I the only one
on this floor?
Yes.
This is the safest
place for you.
Sorry, sir.
I, uh, just finished clearing the floor.
This is Officer Jacobs.
He'll be keeping an eye on you tonight,
just in case.
You sure I'm gonna
be safe here?
We gave you an alias.
Even if the killer
could find you,
there's a cop, an armed cop,
right outside your door.
Wait, what about my sister?
I dropped her here earlier at the
hospital before everything happened.
She'll be fine.
I'm really sorry
I'm a lousy witness.
Oh, no, don't be.
You've been a great help.
Really?
Well, yeah.
But you did get me out of poker night,
which is really cool.
Detective,
can I ask what you're doing in San Juan?
Why everybody comes
to the island.
Running from ghosts.
You didn't know that?
So, no family, huh?
Guys like me...
don't stick around.
The officer
will be outside the door.
If you need anything,
the nurses will be on duty.
Just hit the button.
That your phone?
Uh, yeah.
I'll put my phone in, okay?
Um, my cell's on here.
If you have any problems,
just call me directly.
Yeah.
Call Lieutenant Wakes,
not 911.
Perfect.
Except one thing.
I'd like you
to call me Steve.
"To serve and protect."
Let's see. Madison Taylor.
And, uh, Emily Taylor.
Her sister, I believe.
Staying at the children's ward.
Uh, no, just... just Madison.
And the officer that,
uh, came by
and wanted to move her,
his name was?
Uh, Wakes. Lieutenant Wakes.
Wakes.
And you said they moved her
to the seventh floor?
Yes. Quarantine room 707.
That's been closed
due to Hurricane Maria's damage.
Is she some kind of witness or something?
Not exactly.
We believe she's a person of interest
with new information that came in.
Well, I can round up staff
if you need backup.
No, no,
we can't involve civilians.
But what you can do is lock
down that seventh floor.
Well,
I can initiate
an elevator lockdown
that will restrict the elevators
to key-card access only.
Now, the stairs, I can lock those
from here only on the stairwell side.
Thanks.
And do me a favor.
Alert the staff.
Let them know to report
anything that's suspicious.
And keep them out of our way
for their own safety.
Wakes is in charge of special
projects for major crimes, right?
Now we know
who's pulling the strings.
Marcos and Williams
clean up the scene?
Yeah.
You know, Wakes is one
of those diligent fucks.
He's not gonna stop at this.
I'm gonna put Marcos
and Williams on him.
Good idea.
Yeah, we see him posted.
We'll let him know we're taking over.
Whoa, hey. You guys can't be up here.
This area is off limits.
Hey, relax, kid.
We're here to relieve you.
Lieutenant Wakes didn't say
anything about a relief shift.
Consider yourself lucky.
Why don't you take a break?
I, uh, got to check with Wakes.
Yeah, no problemo.
I have him right here.
You should've taken
the night off, kiddo.
Let's go.
I'll lock up the stairwells.
You disable the switchboard.
Officer Jacobs?
Is this the right room?
Yeah. This is it.
Then where in the hell is she?
That door's
locked from the inside.
Goddamn it!
There's another door!
Shit!
Did you...
Yeah.
Locked them out.
She's near the elevator.
Paging Dr. Hanover.
Please report to trauma room three.
Open the fucking door!
Open the door!
Somebody... Somebody help me.
Somebody please help me.
No one's gonna help you,
Princess.
I've already called the police.
We are the fucking police.
Open the door!
Pierce, put that down.
Madison?
How do you know my name?
We are the police, Madison.
We're the good guys.
Everything is okay.
It's just a misunderstanding.
But he was chasing me
with a gun.
Yeah, that was a mistake.
You see, my partner here
thought that you were, um...
someone else.
Listen.
My name is Sergeant Tull.
We were responding to a call
made by Protective Services.
That's the police guard
that was protecting you earlier.
When we arrived to the scene,
we found him dead and you missing.
Somebody killed him.
- It was you. You killed him.
- No.
It was someone
who was after you.
We secured the floor
room by room,
and that's when you popped up
out of nowhere.
My partner...
Detective Pierce, well,
you can tell that you spooked him pretty bad.
He thought you were the perp.
You know, it's dark,
the adrenaline is pumping,
you're not thinking straight.
Now, yes, he did have his gun out,
but we were looking for the perp.
You know, this whole thing is
really one big misunderstanding.
But we are both relieved
that you are okay.
Come on.
Open the door.
We're all on
the same team here.
Okay.
You made the right decision, Madison.
Stand by.
My guard,
Officer, um, Davidson.
What happened
to his body?
Officer Davidson?
Yes, we found his body in a...
in an empty patient room.
Poor kid.
Poor kid. His name was,
um, Officer Jacobs.
Fuck.
Right.
No, that's-that's what I said.
Officer Jacobs.
Can I see your badge again?
Of course.
That's not a cop's gun.
It has a silencer.
Madison, open the door.
This really is the only way.
Open the door now.
So much for good cop,
bad cop.
No!
Please leave me alone!
I didn't see anything!
It's not what you saw.
It's what you have.
I don't have anything.
What I want
is not on you.
It's in you.
Madison, you're bleeding.
You're dying.
Open the door
so I can help you.
Analyzing heart rhythm.
Do not touch the patient.
Charging.
Stay clear of the patient.
Press the orange button now.
Shock delivered.
- Hey, Steve.
- What do you got?
Got something.
Another shell.
Projectile mark says
may be a Glock. Look.
The lab will have to
verify, so...
Tag it and bag it.
Goddamn. Any bullets?
Yeah. In the primary,
there are six impacts in total.
Couple in Dumpster, two in asphalt,
and two right there in the wall.
All hard-impact fragments.
No ballistics.
Tight groups of two?
Yeah, sure.
Three inches on the tarmac.
And a break over there,
maybe inch, inch and a half.
Right there in the Dumpster,
there's a foot between them.
They got sloppy.
Got something.
Got two somethings.
Definitely two shooters.
One forward, one behind to cover.
There's gotta be
another fragment close by.
I'm on it.
There's a problem.
They need us at the warehouse.
The other crime scene?
That's the problem.
It doesn't appear to be a crime scene.
Come on.
Damn it!
Lori is 16,
and she can do whatever she wants.
She is not you.
Well, you're not Mom.
I don't want to
stay here alone.
Stay with me.
Hey, hey, hey.
Not here.
Not gonna die here.
Come on. Come on.
Excuse me.
Excuse me. Hello?
Excuse me. Excuse me.
You need to help me, please.
There are two men chasing me.
Wait. No. Shush!
Shh! Please. I need help.
Help!
Security! The señorita.
The girl! Over there!
Okay, thank you.
Okay. Thank you.
- This one's locked.
- They're all locked.
What the hell?
Goddamn.
How'd she open that?
It doesn't matter.
It's a service elevator.
It only goes down
to one floor.
Come on.
Patience. CSS is packing up.
We'll get him while he's alone.
But just in case.
What the hell?
You guys are packing up?
Yes, we are. There's no
crime scene here, Steve.
No crime scene?
Yep.
I saw the body myself.
I'm not saying there wasn't a crime.
There's just no scene.
Look, K-9 says
there was drugs.
There's not even enough trace to
tell us what kind. Latents? None.
Your victim was about here,
right?
Right? Right here. Okay.
Yeah, I saw him.
Right here.
Okay.
Right here!
So luminol
showed blood here,
trace amounts,
and decreasing.
Decreasing?
Yep.
Somebody cleaned up
with hydrogen peroxide.
It degrades the hemoglobin to a
point that luminol can't pick it up.
And here...
We saw this when we were
black-lighting the luminol.
Bills marked with
UV ink injection violet.
Nearly $200,000?
One hundred and eighty-two.
Is it yours?
Yeah.
Jimmy Gonzo was my snitch.
Given me seven busts.
We hit a wall.
Deals got canceled.
Jimmy said there was a
protection racket going around.
Did you hear about any of that?
So I had some guys plant
some traceable cash.
Next thing I know,
he thinks he's been made.
Sounds like he was right.
Whoever's running the racket
killed him.
We're talking someone
who can take busts...
and spot marked money.
You're saying a cop
did this?
Not "cop."
Cops. More than one.
Miss!
What are you doing here?
They're trying to kill me.
You've got to get me out of here.
Calm down.
This is a service floor.
Okay.
It's off limits to patients.
I'm not a patient. I mean, I am.
But they've locked down the elevators.
You've gotta get me out.
Front desk,
this is Officer Carroll.
I'm gonna need some backup.
I've, uh... I've got the patient.
She took his damn keys.
The memory card.
I lost
the goddamn memory card.
What the hell
are we gonna do now?
It's time to
take it up a notch.
Attention all staff.
Escaped patient
on quarantine floor.
Please report to Security
as soon as possible.
Hello? Anyone here?
Maddie.
Just a minute.
Who is it?
Talk about the damn money.
What's up, man?
I don't know. You tell us.
Is there a problem?
A problem?
Who's your contact?
Don't have a contact.
Who's stringing you?
What are you
talking about?
You know, you're a fucking idiot.
You know that?
We're cops.
Do you really think that we
wouldn't notice marked bills?
I don't have
any marked bills.
Hey, man, I thought we were friends.
Hey, hey, man, I'm sorry.
Got to be somewhere.
We'll find it, man.
We'll find it.
Come on.
Okay.
- Wakes, Major Crimes.
- Lieutenant, listen to me.
The guys that are chasing me,
they're the shooters.
Madison?
Madison, are you okay?
Where are you now?
Are you safe?
Listen. You have to listen to me.
They're cops.
I know, I know.
I just don't know who.
O-Okay. Their names are, uh, Tull.
Tull and Pierce.
Of course. From Vice.
Wait. How do you know?
Because they're here,
and they're chasing after me.
Madison, listen to me.
Where are you?
Uh, I... I'm in the morgue.
What? The morgue?
Just stay there!
Just stay there, Madison.
I'm on my way.
I have to get my sister.
Listen, don't worry.
Just stay there, Madison.
Emily.
Madison?
Madison!
Jesus.
Maddie!
Madison!
Williams, Vice.
Yeah.
I guess that makes you...
the other partner.
Leech.
The whole goddamn department
must be in on it.
Hundred bucks says
there's a gallon in the trunk.
Along with Jimmy's body.
I need units at Midtown General.
Go ahead.
Code Three.
Repeat, Code Three.
Copy.
We'll have units proceed to the location.
Ten minutes ETA. Over.
Ten minutes?
She's here. I know it.
Perfect. Put her on.
Madison?
Madison.
I have someone here who, um,
wants to say hello.
Maddie,
why are the police here?
It's real simple, Maddie.
Come on out,
and I'll let her go.
Madison,
this is your last chance.
Don't make this harder
than it already is.
Maddie.
Now you can't run.
It's okay.
Everything is just fine.
Madison?
We're keeping
her body alive, but...
but it's just her body.
How, uh... How long?
Your parents' insurance
only covers 30 days
of life support
in these situations.
But you're gonna have to
make a decision soon.
I'm so sorry, Madison.
Did you ask him,
Maddie?
Did you ask him
if she's gonna wake up?
Wake up.
Maddie, wake up.
Wake up!
I think that one worked.
What do you want from me?
Well, at first we wanted
that bullet out of your leg.
But, you see,
my partner here, the genius,
he shot you with his service gun,
and he's a cop.
Which means his ballistics
are in the system,
which puts us
at the scene of the crime.
We really need to know,
where did you put that video card?
- If you touch my sister...
- Shh. Stop.
You are in no position
to make any threats.
I've already called the cops.
They're on their way.
You mean your buddy,
Wakes?
He ain't coming
to save you.
There's no one coming.
It's just you and us.
Come on, Madison.
Tell us where the card is,
and I promise I'll make this quick.
It'll only hurt a little bit.
Scout's honor.
Fuck you.
Still need to
get that bullet out.
Why don't we start
by digging?
Wait.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
If you do that, we're not gonna be able
to find it. She's gonna bleed out.
Madison, I have to say I'm very,
very disappointed in you.
But maybe
I should go get your sister.
Maybe that will speed the
process up a little bit.
I'll be right back.
Let's play around with these again.
Sterilizing now.
Stand clear.
Doctor, where's that girl
I brought in earlier?
- The shooter?
- What? Not...
No. No, no.
The girl, Madison.
The other cops are searching for her now.
They said she was the shooting suspect.
Security had to close off
most of the floors.
- Close off what?
- All of it. Come with me.
- How does that jolt your memory?
- I barely felt it.
Really?
Now you want to play?
Let's turn this up to a thousand.
Pierce. Pierce, pick up.
What?
Stop it. Leave her alone.
That's an order.
Damn it.
I had the information almost from her.
Give me a second.
I haven't heard
from Williams and Marcos.
Wakes is onto us.
You need to get out of there. Now.
All right.
Oh, shit!
Analyzing now.
Check for pulse.
Pierce.
Pierce?
I'm on my way.
Shit.
My sister's okay, right?
What's gonna happen to her?
Why don't we, um...
go find out together?
I'm not gonna hurt you
though.
Let's go.
Come on.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
Stop that.
Let her go, asshole.
- Stevie.
- I should've fucking known.
You were always
a shitty cop.
Oh. Now, you're no fun.
You just had to go the officer route,
leave us poor grunts behind.
You give grunts a bad name.
How is that shoulder,
by the way?
I'd be happy
to snap it again.
It's been 20 years.
You think
you can handle it now?
Let the kid go first.
Go.
Maddie. Maddie!
It's okay. Honey. No, no, no.
It's okay. Hey, hey, hey. It's okay.
Listen to me.
We have to get out of here, okay?
Come on. Let's go.
Come on.
Madison.
Are you...
Yeah, I'm okay.
Quick, quick.
Go, go, go. Go!
Honey. Go. Go.
Go, Emmy.
Go. Emmy, you go.
I'm gonna kill your little sister first,
bitch.
It'll be the last thing you see
before I cut your eyes out.
Come on, Maddie. Get up.
Get up.
You ain't running no more.
Come on!
I got your sister.
What are you gonna do?
Get up.
Get up!
Put her down.
Or what?
Are you gonna shoot?
Have you ever fired
a weapon before, Maddie?
Don't worry, Emily.
It's all gonna be over quick.
Emmy.
Maddie. Maddie.
Emily.
Maddie.
Come on. Come on.
Shh. It's okay.
Shh, shh, shh. It's okay.
You're safe. It's okay.
Shh.
It's okay. It's okay.
Just breathe. It's okay.
I told you you'd make it.
You okay?
What's this?
Your evidence.
Thanks for coming back.
You're gonna be all right.
Behave yourselves.
I'll be back
with some help.
It's okay. You're safe now.
It's okay.